Problem: (Fix #161) Local full node deployment pages are not up-to-date and have typos (#162)
crypto-com/chain-docs: docs/getting-started/send_your_first_transaction.md

Authentication token: b74ce4590ebc9d3c2a3adace926304384ae9451f43560c9702402be53811da8b
```
Then you will get the `Authentication token`, keep the token safe and it will be needed for all authorized commands.

> A pre-created Hierarchical Deterministic(HD) Wallet wallet mnemonic with funds inside are prepared for you in Devnet. You can find it [here](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain/blob/master/docker/config/devnet/tendermint/mnemonics.txt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pre-created Hierarchical Deterministic(HD) Wallet wallet mnemonic with funds inside are prepared for you in Devnet. Kindly restore the wallet by using this [mnemonic](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain/blob/master/docker/config/devnet/tendermint/mnemonics.txt) before moving on to the next step. 
```

Enter staking address: 0x2dfde2178daa679508828242119dcf2114038ea8
Enter transfer address: dcro1ayhu0665wprxf86letqlv8x4ssppeu6awf7m60qlwds9268vltwsk6ehwa
Enter view keys (comma separated) (leave blank if you don't want any additional view keys in transaction):
# Leave blank because this tx is in same wallet
Transaction successfully created
```

- Then, you can `sync` and check `balance` of your wallet:

```bash

> $ ./target/debug/client-cli sync --name Default --disable-fast-forward

Reviewer 2: maybe fast forward shouldn't be a default if it causes issues + it's not secure (if one doesn't run a full node) / can't be used with the light client verification?

Author: The main reason driving me to change this is because the Devnet have zero fee and is affected by https://github.com/crypto-com/chain/issues/794

After the issue is fixed we could use the default of fast forward.
